content/projects.md, before:

---
title: "Projects"
date: 2022-07-04
draft: false
---


# Previous

## [Axiom Data Science](https://www.axiomdatascience.com)
- [Detect and Classify Grouper Sounds](https://huggingface.co/spaces/axds/classify-fish-sounds/tree/main): Detect and classify fish sounds from passive acoustic recordings using CNNs.
- [Bering Sea Drift and Spill Vessel](https://spillanddrift.srv.axds.co): Estimate oil spill risk to Alaskan shores from gounded vessels.
- [S2S - Sea Ice Guidance](https://s2s.srv.axds.co):  Provide statistcally generated probabilistic sea ice guidance for the three-week to seasonal time scale.
- [Arctic Oil Spill Risk Assessment](https://osra.axds.co): Provide estimates of risk to areas used for subsistance gathering from small "operational" oil spills.
- [IFCB](https://ifcb.caloos.org/dashboard): Develop classifiers and data pipelines for IFCB instrumentation to classify and derived statistics about observed harmful algal bloom species of interest.


## [NSF Center for Coastal Margin Observation and Prediction](http://www.stccmop.org)
- Developed, optimized, and applied a distributed parallel numerical model to study coastal and estuarine physics, aquatic light environment, and sediment dynamics as part of my PhD work.

Commit message:

Add coral detector + typo fix

content/projects.md, after:

---
title: "Projects"
date: 2022-07-04
draft: false
---


# Previous

## [Axiom Data Science](https://www.axiomdatascience.com)
- [Detect and Classify Grouper Sounds](https://huggingface.co/spaces/axds/classify-fish-sounds/tree/main): Detect and classify fish sounds from passive acoustic recordings using CNNs.
- [Bering Sea Drift and Spill Vessel](https://spillanddrift.srv.axds.co): Estimate oil spill risk to Alaskan shores from gounded vessels.
- [S2S - Sea Ice Guidance](https://s2s.srv.axds.co):  Provide statistically generated probabilistic sea ice guidance for the three-week to seasonal time scale.
- [Coral Spawning Detector](https://github.com/axiom-data-science/coral-spawning-detector): Develop CNN based detector to identify spawning coral in aquaria.
- [Arctic Oil Spill Risk Assessment](https://osra.axds.co): Provide estimates of risk to areas used for subsistance gathering from small "operational" oil spills.
- [IFCB](https://ifcb.caloos.org/dashboard): Develop classifiers and data pipelines for IFCB instrumentation to classify and derived statistics about observed harmful algal bloom species of interest.


## [NSF Center for Coastal Margin Observation and Prediction](http://www.stccmop.org)
- Developed, optimized, and applied a distributed parallel numerical model to study coastal and estuarine physics, aquatic light environment, and sediment dynamics as part of my PhD work.
